[Music]
saying he's confusing us on twitter I don't
know if it's true I do
n't know if I'm going to check it out right now
they're telling me that he's confusing us on
twitter because Dallas called
Jordi a pedophile or a pederast while in the
video it's late or I think
I think she's just
going to drive without a steering wheel she doesn't know the
people who go to string the socas are the
type of people who like it when they put it
in their mouth l l
have a moment I saw her here's the
sound to the bs that's
the problem socas says
anything and you have to take it all as a
joke or like he has problems we
'll have to study the language
socas
the stupid things he says to justify it he'll
be crying with laughter
thank you very much I'm going to turn it off I'm
going to turn off the sound on this okay I'm
going to turn off the sound on echo
to react to the click that I have it
here on twitter okay
or let's
see he said that anger is not a son
of a b okay anger he didn't say that he's
a son of a b
but he says that anger I don't call it fart that
sounds familiar to me  that sounds familiar to me because it doesn't sound familiar to
me, I mean it really sounds familiar to me
from having seen it here
but jordi while said pedophile it was
said the said peralta jordi wild a
pedophile
a pedophile
your share do that yes yes yes yes yes it
's true that anger he didn't make a joke
by calling dallas a pedo
but dallas will
surely be trending right now let's
see let's go to twitter dallas is
calling pedo I say let's go see a pedo
no it's not trending a pedophile is
a person
that is brought on by small children
I will listen loudly
and I
my god it was worth it no it's not
trending I don't know why you're
telling me that it's trending when
we
still because it's going to be clear they're not
even talking about the shame let's
see it makes me want to I want to let's
see if he says something he
simply uploaded the video but he hasn't
promoted it yet
I feel like watching it but of course I can't
put the sounds I'm not even going to
share images that he put of me
also which I don't think is the case but
well
the only strong thing about the video would be  that's not the
only strong point of the video would be
that atmosphere
then the rest of the video talking about a
racist communist according to him
okay
take a look okay without sound the
video
doesn't load the video with any with
any browser
mother of god the video doesn't load with
any browser let's see let's see the
comments
mother of god
[Music]
this thing about the 100 200 and so on that are the
people giving donations
he says it because of me I'll do a
host to see is that wouldn't he be a
pedophile that I do
n't know that he still wouldn't be a
pedophile I know the story
of the story besides I think he
told it you don't go out with everything a story it's
not about
being given
friends and how many are there almost almost as soon as it
is you know
he told the story not
everyone knows it if it is he told it sounds
good to me the rational thing in some live or something like that he
told it in the video he made to Jordi
Serra pedophilia
let's see what people put
see of insulting this type of people
in the most gratifying and also
always showing everything with evidence without
foundation he has never taken a
topic from anywhere and to me  He confirmed it to me, don't be
the guy that you don't forget that
I will respond to all the comments with
this truth.
Dallas made a suggestion sometimes it
takes a while on horizontal mobile
and the video doesn't load. I understand that
this platform doesn't have filters but I would
like if you could not say so much
rudeness. I love your videos. I like that you
put up subjects like this guy who
don't exactly deserve much respect
after all they are communists and for them to
tell you that is already quite insulting
[Laughs]
so
1212 who is he if you load skillful or
writing it's that I don't know who the
role is that he is criticizing. I don't
like that I have taken him away from you, I don't
slip it in because if not you can have it, I speak
obviously
that I don't know if the guy deserves the
insults the truth but I think that no matter how
much you continue to show him the
platform, he will put up with any type of
insults and vocabulary and whatever it
is that is not necessary that no that there is
no type of censorship but I do
n't think it is necessary to demonstrate it in each
video but it can't, I
say
finally you can express yourself however you want it disgusts
me a lot like  can someone be
so scared of the head at this
point and people are getting more and more I don't know I don't know
who it is to whom the video is being dedicated
because people to a literal video
and only exploiting because
people should be taught or render is
that twelve ideology that
shitty communism is criticizing communists I don't know
how strong what he said is no
but I think the only ones to the pse before
the video not about Jordi's issue no
let's see on twitter how
people are
Dallas has been going on for over a year since Jordi
told you to leave him alone and if he wants to
get over it, let someone be
mature enough to not play the game you
stupid [ __ ] hey Jordi since Dallas
is calling you pe why don't you file a
lawsuit because it's been going on for
a long time
damn how strong the Dallas video
was it was great video uploaded late or
personally I saw that Jordi podcast
when he uploaded it and I think I remember that I
told him that he was whitewashing that whole
situation
Christopher who is so that it seems
incredible but true Dallas has uploaded
videos late  you completely destroying
a communist and in the process calling
Jordi a pedophile while in addition to giving him what he
deserved not for having called
the shpe in the past I would love to
have him from those of anger do not be anger did not do it to him
that I am not going to find it now I
will not have it at hand but anger did not throw an
attack
but he threw an attack super gratuitous to
people
try to search
where it was of anger not
anger did not do it until super
gratuitous to Dallas we are
not going to be able to locate it easily
if he has any money
we saw it I
know that we saw it
deactivate the batches but deactivated it is not
going to I don't know why look look
here here we do not have it already here we have it
this is the extract
and then another thing or rather and the video on the
same day in the video is the same day
that Dallas was acquitted gave
what does this do that takes us to a subplot
with the girl of today who is that she picks up
the phone the phones and starts to
imitate she does not put it to her ear or the one who
only says
[Music]
and since we do not let her the phones she starts to pick up
the landline in the house the
cordless one that we have there as a
decorative object
and he picks it up and goes to sleep and I realized
that he pressed buttons and the good thing
we saw it is calling something there was for
a little bit so that the comic tables
that these people skip the copy with nobody
is called it seems incredible that I can I
can put telecinco when 35 also
the copy skips a lot but I see it more or
less
but what I realized is that it stays on
for a long time but like listening and
thanks butaneros a big hug after a
few days because it picks it up a lot after a
few days the worst thing I start to do
also said that to the subscribers of
being from osh he would upload a video
explaining why 8 is a violin
now that we know having used it go
see what it is going to
tell and so on I
say that he is talking to someone
who is talking to someone but
talking but I pick it up and it was that I
had pressed the answering machine okay I pressed
the capacitor directly and a message came out
the first message from a
landline that I didn't even know that
anyone had ever called but it's a
message from someone who  made a mistake go away
okay then the girl
listens to it 40 times she already knows it by heart
the new message the boy the same
message over and over again and as I'm
eating the whole program and in the end
the copy assaults me
in the end I mean it seems to me that they are
all criminals they are in jail
a message from someone who left it on my
phone but they made a mistake and they were thinking of
putting it here now so that the
real recipient can hear it
let's see has called your house
to control the number that 2013
[ __ ]
left the message we don't put it and that it
reaches them through this platform it is the
message the message
for juan ramon it
is the message
let's [ __ ] I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] man
and then another thing that does this
leads us to his plot with the girl today
which is that it
reaches through this platform it is the
message the real message
this is a message for juan ramon it
is a real message
but come on let's put
28 message
number 1
maria rosa from
whom juan ramon calls because she has
not appeared for two days now
and she has been waiting for years in real slavery
it is like help for  seven lives okay okay okay
zero I
[ __ ] myself I'm
going to watch the whole [ __ ] video the joke
is at 140 [ __ ] son
and I haven't seen it
the grain for dallas live
left the message I hope it wasn't an
emergency well speaking for dallas
live here we put it on and let it
reach you through this platform
it's a shady call that doesn't call it
hair but it's a joke that evidently we
all know what it's about it's going to refer
to the joke they call him a son of a [ __ ] in
response to this
well you know
the joke
with him
info I'm going
are the ones who send me a place since
last year that will and grace do a
collaboration with jordi while tremendous
child molester who asked for
nudes even from my ex and even a
friend of ipsi and mine when I was a minor
anyway between the ene efe it goes from bad to
worse I mean here there was already a tweet in
2000 last year there was a tweet from
dallas okay
[Music]
maybe he already said this in the video
no
because he's sharing on the tour and the
video  there is a tweet from dalla in which he
says
child molester jordi gual tremendous
child molester who asked
my ex
and even a friend of mine and from ipsi
when I was a minor a friend of mine and from isi
when she was a minor let's
see minor pedophiles if he is
calling him a pedophile
and jordi hasn't sued him or anything this
is from last year
another one of yours everyone says to
pull my tongue again because I have a lot
more things saved about jordi's stalker
cool the dear jordi mystery that he
used to harass minors
and that I didn't publish it at the time because of the
laziness it gives me it will be another video
we will see where this goes
what do you think
second mine was 16 and family 15 it
is not to defend them yes he did it I am
not getting involved in that I simply commented on
dallas' word
and that would not be
pedophilia it would be ephebophilia to use the
correct term I do not justify anything
but xavi the one who reports is not the
affected one the minors should use
otherwise  or anything, they are
paying something strong now they are for the
very strong
if I am filing a lawsuit we are not
going to find out, I did
do some things like that about me, I would not allow it
either publicly or privately
so we will see where
this goes for now I tell you knowing
a little bit around here on Twitter
this gives the basis of a trend between a
while it
gives the basis of a trend between a roller
no right now not many
people are talking about the subject
how strong the Dallas video was
great
apparently the guy the guy he gives it to
in the video Dallas
is an excellent gift marinera
since the video is not directed at
Jordi Jordi only calls him a pedophile
the term matters a lot since a
fart is not the same as physical football
the term is imported there are
missing topics, notice let's get to it
[Music]